Modify rule S1916: LaYC format (#2711)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1916/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/cfamily/line_splicing.adoc[]

> Several compilers have a looser implementation of _line-splicing_ and allow whitespace after the `\` character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several compilers have a loose implementation of _line-splicing_ and allow whitespace after the `\` character.
```
otherwise, I'm wondering: looser compared to what?

> While this practice was non-portable until {cpp}23, it remains non-portable in C.

Author: According to the AI Assistant, the first version is clearer.

Furthermore, readers can easily be confused about the meaning of these whitespaces.

Therefore, for portability and clarity, `\` should be immediately followed by a newline character, as in the following example.

[source,cpp]
----

> // Compliant: there are no whitespaces after the '\'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Compliant: there is no whitespace after the '\'
```
